Now I want to try experiment with building someth8ing. I struggle with ahving like 12 different terminal tabs open, each with a different dir, running background commands to run apps and so on. I have written out my workspace in @workspace - it consists of a
  hierarchical organisation, I've manually named things, the lines with tabs are basically name,workdir,default command. I want the terminal emulator to load a file that resembles this. on the left we will have a simple tree. it will show just the names and titles ie.
  Apps->{qwen},Music->{Hermes chat,Wanted music} etc. it will also show an extra two project areas - Scratch and Transient. On the right is the main bulk of the content. It's the terminal emulator. when you do the new tab thing, it by default places it in the current
  project folder ie. Apps, Music, etc. this is determined by what is the current selected session (terminal context). so if you have clicked Hermes chat, that is the current selected session, and it is highlighted in the left. And when you hit new tab, it creates a new
  tab within the folder of that - Music. You can also select the empty projects - ie. Scratch and Transient. ANd they will be created there. In the tree view there is also the option of right click and menu with start/stop at any node. By default when you open the app,
  it starts in parllel terminal sessions for all the leaf nodes. But it does not do anything except set them in teh current working dir. If you hit the start, it will run the default command in that terminal em. if you do it on a parent, not a leaf, it will visit all 
  the leaves and do that. again - since each term is its own process, this would be in parallel. it by default just enters the command in and presses return to start it. so you can ctrl+C do some stuff, and then redo and it does it. it can also detect if it is already 
  running by the current running cmd and current workding dir. you can get this from the terminal emulator api I would imagine. that way you don't have to "rerun" already running processes. 
